Achievements:
Add some type of achievement system
Some type of awards for completing achievements


UI:
Start menu
Controls Screen


Timer:
Add timer and a complete time


Difuculty Selector:
How would this work with leaderboards? 
Enemy would just be faster?
Would anything else happen?
 

Networking:
Some type of basic networking setup would be nice. Something as simple as an online leaderboard.
Would be cool to have the "fastest player" get something special as long as they are still the fastest played based on the leaderboards. Would be kinda funny of the award was every time they jump a fart noise plays.
User race eachother in realtime? Starting a lobby?


Enemy:
Add some type of world moving to the right "Mario Style" or using the Shadow Enemy idea from v1. Actually I could make the enemy
animated  character that comes with the platformer art. Could be a cool way to practice some AI.
Create Enemy Object
Enemy will be the cave collapsing in on the user.
Add a lava pit object.
Add a turrent type thing that shoots at the user.


Misc:
Would be cool in some way to have a customizable character. Probably not super doable with the red hood character. 
Breakable items need setup: Will probably want an idamagle interface for that. Also need to figure out how to "explode/break" objects.
Some time of scenemanager will also be wanted
Doing lights again? IInteractable interface? Interactable abstract class?
Think about how you can implement custom shaders into this project so that you can get some basic shader experiance. Using a disolve shader
to maybe be part of a teleport feature or when the user attacks a certain type of object? 
Shader for the moving wall. For the wall itself, meaning some type of crumbling or waving or tiling like a water fall but of a rock texture.
Make it lava instead of rocks?


Clean Up:
Animator for player probably doesn't need all those transitions. Should just transition to others if others are true

End Polish:
Level design
Implement some webgl safe post processing
Same goes for particles affects
sfx will need implemented
would be nice to have a vignete affect on the camera


Performance:
Look into recomended performance metrics for WebGL
Make sure to do solid performance testing
see how this is running on an old laptop